Vice President Agreement Hello, please take a look.
Let him rest at night
It's a little lover after all
Many things are still
It's better to make it clear at the outset
To avoid future disputes
OK
husband
I'm going home tonight.
It's my birthday today.
He's leaving
But I'm definitely going back to the old house for my birthday today
It's impossible to bring him to my mother
Kohler
Brother wishes you a birthday
Happy birthday to you.
Well, congratulations, you're another year older.
Shut up if you don't know how to speak.
Hey brother this
Hey brother, I have said all these auspicious words
Do you have to give me some?
You ask me for money for my birthday
What about the face?
Brother, aren't you richer than me?
I don't care if you don't give it to me
I'll tell Sister Nuan how stingy you are
brother
Will it be alright in the future?
Don't come to me
Asi, this is the cake your mother made for you by hand
Do you like it?
I like it, thank you mom.
Do less of these things in the future
Just let him buy it.
You don't want the cake I made for you
It's not me, it's just Axi.
So many years
Can't you forgive mom?
No, it's long gone.
Help! Help!
Let me out!
How dare you kidnap me?
After I go out
I must make you die
Help! Help!
Mom, wait a minute.
I'll go out and call someone for you.